# Challenge-Improved-Grade-Converter
Description: In this challenge you will refactor the code from the Challenge: Grade Converter assignment and add additional functionality to it.  Purpose: You first have to understand code to refactor it.  Code refactoring is the process of restructuring existing computer code—changing the factoring—without changing its external behavior. Refactoring is intended to improve the design, structure, and/or implementation of the software (its non-functional attributes), while preserving its functionality. In this challenge you will refactor the Grade Converter code by developing functions for the tasks carried out in the Main() function.  You will also add additional functionality to the program.  Requirements:  Project Name: ImprovedGradeConverter Target Platform: Console Programming Language: C#  Note: You can use the code you submitted in module 3. You are also allowed to use the code solution provided in the Retrospective: Grade Converter.   When refactoring your code you should write functions that do the following:  Write a function that gets and returns the user's first and last name. Write a function that gets and returns the number of grades the user wants to enter. Write a function that adds the grades the user enters to a list. The function should return a list of grades Write a function that prints the letter grades and the numerical scores for the grades stored in the grades list e.g. (A score of  89.5 is a B grade) Write a function that prints the statistics for the grades list. (number of grades, average grade, maximum grade, minimum grade) You should write new functions to carry do the following:  Write a function that calculates and returns the average grade Write a function that determines and returns the highest grade in the list of grades Write a function that determines and returns the lowest grade in the list of grades Note: You must determine the parameters and return types for your functions. Note: You should not use built-in C# functions to calculate the highest, lowest grade, and average grade. You should code those yourself. Note: Your program should not crash for any reason. You should handle any exception(s) that may occur.
